ModMPGame/README.md, before:

This is a mod for Star Wars Republic Commando which extends the multiplayer part of the game. It is a server mod and therefore it is not necessary for clients to have it installed.
It allows players to enter commands via the ingame chat. Every chat message starting with a '/' is treated as a command which is executed server side. All commands can be entered into the server console as well.
Some convenience features were also added. For example it is not necessary for admins to login again when a new game starts. Players can leave and rejoin during the same match and keep their score. A separate log file is created in the _Save_ directory which contains server events like chat, commands or when players enter/leave to get a better overview of what's going on.

All of the mod's functionality is implemented within _services_. Each service exists independently from the others and implements specific functionality. Which commands are available depends on the currently active services specified in _ModMPGame.ini_. Existing services can be removed from that list if they are not wanted.

A service implementer can decide whether everybody can execute commands or only admins. The host of a non-dedicated server is always an admin by default. Thanks to the modular design, adding a new service is just a matter of creating a new subclass of _AdminService_ and adding it to the list in the ini.

## Installation

1. Copy the content of the mod's _GameData_ directory into the one from your SWRC installation.
2. Edit System.ini: Find the two occurences of 'ServerActors=...' (they're not next to each other!) under _Engine.GameEngine_ and replace the '=' with '+='. Add the following new entry: 'ServerActors+=ModMPGame.AdminControl'

## Default services

### General

| command    | description  |
|------------|--------------|
| help       | displays a list of all active services and their available commands (taking the player's permissions into account) |
| saveconfig | saves the configuration of all active services |

### AdminAuthentication

The AdminAuthentication service implements the _login_ and _logout_ commands. Without it players are not able to log in as administrators and must be manually promoted by the host. It should always be present for dedicated servers.
The login password is specified in the configuration file.

| command              | description  |
|----------------------|--------------|
| login _&lt;password>_| allows a player to log in as a server admin |
| logout               | removes the admin permissions |

### AdminCommands

This service adds support for basic admin commands like kicking/banning players or switching to a different map.

| command                                                 | description  |
|---------------------------------------------------------|--------------|
| cmd _&lt;console command>_                              | executes a console command on the server |
| listplayers                                             | lists the name of each player on the server and their unique id |
| kick _&lt;player name>_ _&lt;optional reason>_          | kicks the player with the specified name from the current session |
| kickall                                                 | kicks all players from the game |
| kickid _&lt;id>_ _&lt;optional reason>_                 | kicks the player with the specified id (obtained by _listplayers_) |
| kickscore _&lt;score>_                                  | kicks all players with the specified score |
| kickscorebelow _&lt;score>_                             | kicks all players whose score is below the specified value |
| kickscoreabove _&lt;score>_                             | kicks all players whose score is above the specified value |
| ban _&lt;player name>_ _&lt;optional reason>_           | bans the ip address of the specified player |
| banid _&lt;id>_                                         | bans the ip address of player with the specified id (obtained by _listplayers_) |
| promote _&lt;player name>_                              | gives a player admin rights |
| demote _&lt;player name>_                               | removes a player's admin rights |
| switchmap _&lt;map and options>_                        | switches the server to the specified map with optional parameters |
| restartmap                                              | restarts the current map with the same game mode |

### BotSupport

As the name already implies, this service adds support for bots. They are treated like human players and show up on the scoreboard. In order for the bots to be able to walk around the map there need to be path nodes. This is not a problem when playing on custom maps since they can easily be added by the author but stock maps shouldn't be modified or else players who don't have the modified versions are unable to join. The _BotSupport_ service provides functionality to import or place path nodes during gameplay so that modifying stock maps is not necessary. Paths can be added ingame using commands but they can also be placed in UnrealEd (with a copy of the map). Once all navigation points are placed, they can be saved to disk with the _ExportPaths_ command.

Paths are stored as _&lt;mapname>.ctp_ files in the _GameData\\Maps\\Paths_ directory. If _bAutoImportPaths_ is set to true in the configuration file, the paths will be automatically imported on level startup.

| command                    | description  |
|----------------------------|--------------|
| addbot                     | adds a new bot to the game |
| removebot                  | removes a bot from the game |
| removeallbots              | removes all bots from the game |
| setbotaccuracy _&lt;value>_| sets the accuracy for the bots to a value between 0.0 and 1.0 |
| putpathnode                | spawns a PathNode at the player's current position |
| putcoverpoint              | spawns a CoverPoint at the player's current position |
| putpatrolpoint             | spawns a PatrolPoint at the player's current position |
| removenavigationpoint      | removes the navigation point at the player's current position |
| importpaths                | imports the paths for the map from a _.ctp_ file if it exists |
| exportpaths                | exports all current paths to a _.ctp_ file that can later be imported |
| buildpaths                 | calculates connections between navigation points |
| clearpaths                 | clears paths but leaves navigation points intact |
| enableautobuildpaths       | enables automatic rebuilding of paths whenever a new navigation point is placed (SLOW!!!) |
| disableautobuildpaths      | opposite of _enableautobuildpaths_ |
| showpaths                  | draws the navigation points and paths only for the host similar to UnrealEd's _View Paths_ option if on a non-dedicated server. Otherwise it makes the navigation points visible for all clients |
| hidepaths                  | the opposite of _showpaths_ |

### SkinChanger

This allows players to chose skins that are not available in the base game like Delta 38 or a plain white commando.
The chosen skin is saved across matches and will also be restored if a player leaves and rejoins.

| command            | description |
|--------------------|-------------|
| changeskin <index> | Sets the players skin to the one corresponding to <index> |
| showskins          | Prints a list of available clone and trando skins. The list might be too long for chat but it can also be found in the console |

## For Modders

All services inherit from _AdminService_. It contains some convenience functions for command and parameter parsing but also the _ExecCmd_ function. The service implementation can override it to add custom commands that are specific to that service. The commands are automatically dispatched by the _AdminControl_ and _ExecCmd_ is expected to return a bool value specifying whether the entered command was recognized or not.
Checking for a command is done using the _ParseCommand_ function. It checks if the input string starts with the specified command and returns true if that is the case. It also removes the parsed command from the input so that it is easier to get the commands arguments if there are any. The second parameter for _ExecCmd_ is the controller for the player who entered the command. It can be _None_ if it was entered into the server console.
_ParseCommand_ can be used in an if else chain to cover all available commands:
```cpp
function bool ExecCmd(String Cmd, optional PlayerController PC){
	if(ParseCommand(Cmd, "FIRSTCMD")){
		// Cmd now contains the rest of the input without the leading "FIRSTCMD"

		CommandFeedback(PC, "Hello World!"); // CommandFeedback is used to display the command's output to the user

		// The command was recognized so we return true regardless of whether it was successful or not
		return true;
	}else if(ParseCommand(Cmd, "SECONDCMD")){
		/* ... */
		return true;
	}

	return Super.ExecCmd(Player, Cmd);
}
```

Commit message:

Add nextmap command to Readme

ModMPGame/README.md, after:

This is a mod for Star Wars Republic Commando which extends the multiplayer part of the game. It is a server mod and therefore it is not necessary for clients to have it installed.
It allows players to enter commands via the ingame chat. Every chat message starting with a '/' is treated as a command which is executed server side. All commands can be entered into the server console as well.
Some convenience features were also added. For example it is not necessary for admins to login again when a new game starts. Players can leave and rejoin during the same match and keep their score. A separate log file is created in the _Save_ directory which contains server events like chat, commands or when players enter/leave to get a better overview of what's going on.

All of the mod's functionality is implemented within _services_. Each service exists independently from the others and implements specific functionality. Which commands are available depends on the currently active services specified in _ModMPGame.ini_. Existing services can be removed from that list if they are not wanted.

A service implementer can decide whether everybody can execute commands or only admins. The host of a non-dedicated server is always an admin by default. Thanks to the modular design, adding a new service is just a matter of creating a new subclass of _AdminService_ and adding it to the list in the ini.

## Installation

1. Copy the content of the mod's _GameData_ directory into the one from your SWRC installation.
2. Edit System.ini: Find the two occurences of 'ServerActors=...' (they're not next to each other!) under _Engine.GameEngine_ and replace the '=' with '+='. Add the following new entry: 'ServerActors+=ModMPGame.AdminControl'

## Default services

### General

| command    | description  |
|------------|--------------|
| help       | displays a list of all active services and their available commands (taking the player's permissions into account) |
| saveconfig | saves the configuration of all active services |

### AdminAuthentication

The AdminAuthentication service implements the _login_ and _logout_ commands. Without it players are not able to log in as administrators and must be manually promoted by the host. It should always be present for dedicated servers.
The login password is specified in the configuration file.

| command              | description  |
|----------------------|--------------|
| login _&lt;password>_| allows a player to log in as a server admin |
| logout               | removes the admin permissions |

### AdminCommands

This service adds support for basic admin commands like kicking/banning players or switching to a different map.

| command                                                 | description  |
|---------------------------------------------------------|--------------|
| cmd _&lt;console command>_                              | executes a console command on the server |
| listplayers                                             | lists the name of each player on the server and their unique id |
| kick _&lt;player name>_ _&lt;optional reason>_          | kicks the player with the specified name from the current session |
| kickall                                                 | kicks all players from the game |
| kickid _&lt;id>_ _&lt;optional reason>_                 | kicks the player with the specified id (obtained by _listplayers_) |
| kickscore _&lt;score>_                                  | kicks all players with the specified score |
| kickscorebelow _&lt;score>_                             | kicks all players whose score is below the specified value |
| kickscoreabove _&lt;score>_                             | kicks all players whose score is above the specified value |
| ban _&lt;player name>_ _&lt;optional reason>_           | bans the ip address of the specified player |
| banid _&lt;id>_                                         | bans the ip address of player with the specified id (obtained by _listplayers_) |
| promote _&lt;player name>_                              | gives a player admin rights |
| demote _&lt;player name>_                               | removes a player's admin rights |
| switchmap _&lt;map and options>_                        | switches the server to the specified map with optional parameters |
| nextmap                                                 | switches the server to the next map in the rotation as configured in the ini |
| restartmap                                              | restarts the current map with the same game mode |

### BotSupport

As the name already implies, this service adds support for bots. They are treated like human players and show up on the scoreboard. In order for the bots to be able to walk around the map there need to be path nodes. This is not a problem when playing on custom maps since they can easily be added by the author but stock maps shouldn't be modified or else players who don't have the modified versions are unable to join. The _BotSupport_ service provides functionality to import or place path nodes during gameplay so that modifying stock maps is not necessary. Paths can be added ingame using commands but they can also be placed in UnrealEd (with a copy of the map). Once all navigation points are placed, they can be saved to disk with the _ExportPaths_ command.

Paths are stored as _&lt;mapname>.ctp_ files in the _GameData\\Maps\\Paths_ directory. If _bAutoImportPaths_ is set to true in the configuration file, the paths will be automatically imported on level startup.

| command                    | description  |
|----------------------------|--------------|
| addbot                     | adds a new bot to the game |
| removebot                  | removes a bot from the game |
| removeallbots              | removes all bots from the game |
| setbotaccuracy _&lt;value>_| sets the accuracy for the bots to a value between 0.0 and 1.0 |
| putpathnode                | spawns a PathNode at the player's current position |
| putcoverpoint              | spawns a CoverPoint at the player's current position |
| putpatrolpoint             | spawns a PatrolPoint at the player's current position |
| removenavigationpoint      | removes the navigation point at the player's current position |
| importpaths                | imports the paths for the map from a _.ctp_ file if it exists |
| exportpaths                | exports all current paths to a _.ctp_ file that can later be imported |
| buildpaths                 | calculates connections between navigation points |
| clearpaths                 | clears paths but leaves navigation points intact |
| enableautobuildpaths       | enables automatic rebuilding of paths whenever a new navigation point is placed (SLOW!!!) |
| disableautobuildpaths      | opposite of _enableautobuildpaths_ |
| showpaths                  | draws the navigation points and paths only for the host similar to UnrealEd's _View Paths_ option if on a non-dedicated server. Otherwise it makes the navigation points visible for all clients |
| hidepaths                  | the opposite of _showpaths_ |

### SkinChanger

This allows players to chose skins that are not available in the base game like Delta 38 or a plain white commando.
The chosen skin is saved across matches and will also be restored if a player leaves and rejoins.

| command            | description |
|--------------------|-------------|
| changeskin <index> | Sets the players skin to the one corresponding to <index> |
| showskins          | Prints a list of available clone and trando skins. The list might be too long for chat but it can also be found in the console |

## For Modders

All services inherit from _AdminService_. It contains some convenience functions for command and parameter parsing but also the _ExecCmd_ function. The service implementation can override it to add custom commands that are specific to that service. The commands are automatically dispatched by the _AdminControl_ and _ExecCmd_ is expected to return a bool value specifying whether the entered command was recognized or not.
Checking for a command is done using the _ParseCommand_ function. It checks if the input string starts with the specified command and returns true if that is the case. It also removes the parsed command from the input so that it is easier to get the commands arguments if there are any. The second parameter for _ExecCmd_ is the controller for the player who entered the command. It can be _None_ if it was entered into the server console.
_ParseCommand_ can be used in an if else chain to cover all available commands:
```cpp
function bool ExecCmd(String Cmd, optional PlayerController PC){
	if(ParseCommand(Cmd, "FIRSTCMD")){
		// Cmd now contains the rest of the input without the leading "FIRSTCMD"

		CommandFeedback(PC, "Hello World!"); // CommandFeedback is used to display the command's output to the user

		// The command was recognized so we return true regardless of whether it was successful or not
		return true;
	}else if(ParseCommand(Cmd, "SECONDCMD")){
		/* ... */
		return true;
	}

	return Super.ExecCmd(Player, Cmd);
}
```
